FR #982: Update Billed and Effective Cost Normative Requirements (#1966)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/glossary.md

A charge to correct cost or usage data in a previously invoiced [*billing period*](#glossary:billing-period).

<a name="glossary:covered-charge"><b>Covered Charge</b></a>

> A [*charge*](#glossary:charge) whose cost is wholly or partially paid for by a related purchase [*charge*](#glossary:charge), known as a [*covering charge*](#glossary:covering-charge). Common examples include usage charges eligible for [*commitment discounts*](#glossary:commitment-discount), prepaid entitlements, or marketplace purchases.

Author: ```suggestion
A [*charge*](#glossary:charge) whose Billed Cost [add spec link] is fully or partially invoiced via a related purchase [*charge*](#glossary:charge), known as a [*covering charge*](#glossary:covering-charge). Common examples include usage charges covered by [*commitment discounts*](#glossary:commitment-discount), or consumption of charges covered by pre-paid SaaS offerings.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [*charge*](#glossary:charge) whose [Billed Cost](#datasets.costandusage.billedcost) is fully or partially absorbed by a corresponding [*covering charge*](#glossary:covering-charge). Common examples include usage charges applied against [*commitment discounts*](#glossary:commitment-discount), or consumption of SaaS offerings drawn from a prepayment, such as marketplace purchases.
```

<a name="glossary:covering-charge"><b>Covering Charge</b></a>

> A purchase [*charge*](#glossary:charge) that is intended to pay for future eligible [*charges*](#glossary:charge), known as [*covered charges*](#glossary:covered-charge). Common examples include [*commitment discount*](#glossary:commitment-discount) purchases, prepayment charges, and marketplace purchase charges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A purchase [*charge*](#glossary:charge) whose cost is applied against one or more [*covered charges*](#glossary:covered-charge), offsetting their [Billed Cost](#datasets.costandusage.billedcost). Common examples include [*commitment discount*](#glossary:commitment-discount) purchases, prepayment charges, and marketplace purchases that cover consumption-based usage.
```
